Document new `astro:route:setup` hook (#9064)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/reference/integrations-reference.mdx

- `pathname` - the finalized path of the page.

### `astro:route:setup`

<p><Since v="4.14.0" /></p>

**When:** In `astro dev`, whenever a route is requested. In `astro build`, while bundling and transforming a route file.

> **Why:** To update a route's option, i.e. `prerender` to configure [on-demand server rendering](/en/guides/server-side-rendering/#opting-in-to-pre-rendering-in-server-mode).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Why:** To set options for a route at build or request time, such as enabling [on-demand server rendering](/en/guides/server-side-rendering/#opting-in-to-pre-rendering-in-server-mode).
```

```js
'astro:route:setup'?: (options: { route: RouteOptions }) => void | Promise<void>;
```

#### `route` option

**Type:** `RouteOptions`

> An object with a readonly `component` property and a `prerender` property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An object with a `component` property to identify the route and the following additional values to allow you to configure the generated route: `prerender`.
```
So, thinking future-proofing here, it would be nice to set this up for not having to *totally* reconstruct the sentence as you add more of these. Maybe something like that?

I know it feels a little artificial when there's only *one* configurable value, but I like the idea of something that sets us up for: identify the component, and then here's all the updates you can make to this file when actually creating the route.

Author: Sounds good to me. I didn't word it that way because I don't see us probably adding a new field in a looong time, but I could be wrong 😄 But anyways I don't think it hurts to futureproof it now

The `component` property is a readonly string path relative to the project root, e.g `"src/pages/blog/[...slug].astro"`.

> The `prerender` property is used to configure [on-demand server rendering](/en/guides/server-side-rendering/#opting-in-to-pre-rendering-in-server-mode) for a route. The value may be a `boolean` or `undefined` depending if there's an explicit `export const prerender` value set in the file. If the final value after running all the hooks is `undefined`, it will fall back to a prerender default based on the [`output` option](/en/reference/configuration-reference/#output).

Reviewer: ``````suggestion

#### `route.prerender`

**Type:** `boolean`<br />
**Default:** `undefined`<br />
<Since v="4.14.0" />
</p>
The `prerender` property is used to configure [on-demand server rendering](/en/guides/server-side-rendering/#opting-in-to-pre-rendering-in-server-mode) for a route. 

If the route file contains an explicit `export const prerender` value, ...
Otherwise, ...

```js
function setPrerender() {
  return {
    name: 'set-prerender',
    hooks: {
      'astro:route:setup': ({ route }) => {
        if (route.component.endsWith('/blog/[slug].astro')) {
          route.prerender = true;
        }
      },
    },
  };
}
```
 
If the final value after running all the hooks is `undefined`, the route will fall back to a prerender default based on the [`output` option](/en/reference/configuration-reference/#output): prerendered for `hybrid` mode, and on-demand rendered for `server` mode.
``````

So, make this correct, but I was thinking maybe something like this format style?
